Fixes and improvements to 3.8 whatsnew (#16535)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.8.rst

  (Contributed by Jonathan Eunice and Serhiy Storchaka in :issue:`30688`.)

> * :class:`dict` and dictionary views are now iterable in reversed insertion

Reviewer: I think there is a glossary item for dict viewe (can create a reference with the `term` role)

Author: Yep, looks like there is one https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-dictionary-view.
```suggestion
* :class:`dict` and :term:`dictionary view`s are now iterable in reversed insertion
```

Author: Looks like that caused it to go over the 80 char limit at 83 chars. I'll adjust the wrapping.

Reviewer: ReST trick: to avoid having bits dangling out of markup like the plural `s`, there is a way to control the display text separate from the reference:

```rst
and :term:`dict views <dictionary view>`
```

Reviewer: Ah I see you found that! :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: Yep, I vaguely remember reading about it in http://docutils.sourceforge.net/rst.html and used it before for explicit links. So, I tried it out on my local copy of `3.8.rst`, did `make html`, and it worked! (:

  order using :func:`reversed`. (Contributed by Rémi Lapeyre in :issue:`33462`.)

* The syntax allowed for keyword names in function calls was further
  restricted. In particular, ``f((keyword)=arg)`` is no longer allowed. It was
  never intended to permit more than a bare name on the left-hand side of a
  keyword argument assignment term. See :issue:`34641`.

* Generalized iterable unpacking in :keyword:`yield` and

>   :keyword:`return` statements no longer requires enclosing parenthesis.

Reviewer: This looks incorrect: things like `thesis` have plural form `theses`

Author: Oh you're correct. I was under the impression that it was `parenthesis` for a single pair of `()` and parentheses referred to multiple pairs of `()`. Apparently, parenthesis refers a single `(` and parentheses refers to a pair `()`. It seems like I was using the wrong form of the word all this time and hadn't noticed, good to know. (:

Author: Reverting this change.
```suggestion
  :keyword:`return` statements no longer requires enclosing parentheses.
```

The :func:`compile` built-in has been improved to accept the
``ast.PyCF_ALLOW_TOP_LEVEL_AWAIT`` flag. With this new flag passed,
:func:`compile` will allow top-level :keyword:`await`, :keyword:`async for` and
:keyword:`async with` constructs that are usually considered invalid syntax.

> Asynchronous code object marked with the :data:`inspect.CO_COROUTINE` flag may

Reviewer 2: This doesn't read well, probably insert "An" as the first word of the sentence.

Author: I agree that the current version doesn't read well, but I would prefer changing "object" to "objects":
```
Asynchronous code objects marked with the :data:`inspect.CO_COROUTINE` flag may
```

Both options would be grammatically correct, it's fairly subjective. The main reason I'm leaning towards the plural here is because there can be multiple asynchronous code objects marked within the code being compiled, not just one.

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's better

json.tool
---------

> Add option ``--json-lines`` to parse every input line as separate JSON objects.

Reviewer 2: "as a separate JSON object" would be better

  (Contributed by Eric Snow in :issue:`34651`, modified by Christian Heimes
  in :issue:`37951`.)

> * The :meth:`imaplib.IMAP4.logout` method no longer ignores silently arbitrary

Reviewer 2: Move "silently" either before "ignores" or to the end of the sentence
